Feat  rdf active feedback (#92)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/rdfactive/index.md

# RDF-Active

> TODO rename file to `rdfactive-index.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Storage Allocations

> On the RDF-Active, storage is provisioned through storage allocations. Each allocation comes with a maximum storage quota, an access group code, and a research group assigned as the owner of that allocation. Research groups can have multiple storage allocations assigned to them at any given time.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "access group code" here?

Author: I don't know, it appears to be text that was originally there. I'll update it.

## How to Apply for Access

/// details | How can I request a new RDF-Active storage allocation?
    type: faq
Due to overhead issues outside of the RCS department's control, requesting a new storage allocation is currently done indirectly by using the [RDS to RDF-Active migration ticket request](https://servicemgt.imperial.ac.uk/esc?id=sc_cat_item&sys_id=35ee36f83b3e66101feaf49a04e45a55&sysparm_category=52a4a8f21be62110557837b5464bcbd2) system. In order to submit a migration form in general, a file must be attached where normally the RDS projects to be migrated are specified. To make it clear the migration form is actually a request for a new storage allocation, attach a text file that instead asks for a new and *empty* storage allocation whilst skipping any other parts on the form discussing the RDS.

We apologise for any confusion and inconvenience.
///

/// details | How do I request access to an existing storage allocation?
    type: faq

> To gain access to an allocation, you must be a part of the research group associated with said allocation. Contact the research group lead of the storage allocation or its designated administrator, who can provide you access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To gain access to an allocation, you must be a part of the research group associated with said allocation. Contact the research group lead of the storage allocation or a designated administrator, who can provide you access.
```
There can be more than 1 admin

///

/// details | How do I manage a storage allocation?
    type: faq

> Most storage allocations don't need much managing after initialisation outside of [access control](../recap/allocations.md#user-management). However, if you want to change the storage quote or file quota of a storage allocation, then [create a ticket](https://www.imperial.ac.uk/admin-services/ict/self-service/research-support/rcs/get-support/contact-us/) with us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most storage allocations don't need much managing after initialisation outside of [access control](../recap/allocations.md#user-management). However, if you want to change the storage quote or file quota of a storage allocation please [contact us](../support/index.md).
```
